whose skies smiling at me nothing but
blue skies
violet Klaus and sunny were intelligent
children most everything that happened
to them was rife with misfortune and
despair your parents have perished in a
terrible fire perished means killed we
know what perished means hello hello
hello children I am Count Olaf your new
Guardian you know what this is it looks
like a list wrong it's a list a list of
chores we know you're just trying to
steal a parents fortune we have to get
out of this wretched place go back to
the house where it's safe and strangers
can't get you strangers where the boodle
their children will be destroyed what
hmm
when the sand runs out that fortune is
mine I didn't realize the Sun went so
quickly I bought it online you're gonna
need to flip it a couple of times your
parents and I we used to develop our own
secret codes
our parents developed secret codes in my
library you will find all the answers
that you need let's get to work
something strange is going on
what's that something my parents had it
looks like the tattoo Count Olaf has on
his ankle
my name is captain chefs manager uli
Count Olaf in disguise aren't you smart
wherever you go I will hunt you down why
do you hate us so much because it's fun
we are setting out on a very top secret
expedition what do you say Baudelaires
are you in
[Music]
I'm taking you to prison well good luck
with that I'm armed so my child's play
hmm adorable hmm
it's a harpoon gun if you are interested
in stories with happy endings that story
is streaming elsewhere
I would advise all our viewers to watch
something more pleasant instead I am
Count Olaf your new Guardian where are
your pants now we're orphans put them to
work in the mill this economy children
are lucky to have a job at all your
first impression of me may be that I am
a terrible person when are we going to
eat
but you haven't the faintest idea
you have to understand he had a very
terrible childhood don't look so down
I've been a very terrible childhood
right now okay
our parents are never coming back
we're all frightened Klaus mother and
father they made me promise to always
look after you let me keep my promise
you're finally safe now children just as
your parents wanted find your aunt
Josephine oh she can tell you everything
you need to know do you live with our
aunt Josephine I am your aunt Josephine
good morning I am stefano he is
afternoon and Shira count Olaf
the only reason my carnal life hasn't
torn you limb from limb is because he
hasn't gotten ahold of your fortune
you'll never get away with this their
fortune will be mine
carpe diem seize the children tease the
day I said day
[Music]
Oh
the soil
[Music]
you